hey guys welcome to another video today
we're gonna look at some trading cards
we also have some stickers and we also
have some Skylanders Giants tattoos so
let's take a look at Disney planes first
and these is this is a pack of stickers
as you can see it's quite a cool pack
it's not actually doesn't actually say
what sort of stickers it inside but I
like the graphics a lot so I'm hoping
there's gonna be a shiny in here so
let's take a look and see what we get so
we get some scenes we've got some
characters from the Cars as well which
is really cool so yeah that's really
nice also British playing Blair laughs
which is really nice really nice
actually you must have to have a sticker
book as well to stick all these in but
that's really cool so let's take a look
at our Skylanders Giants tattoos I
thought when I seen this I thought it'd
be rude not to get it and show you guys
cuz I know we got some Skylander Giants
fans out there so let's see what we have
so we have four tattoos as you can see
if anyone would like these tattoos let
me know in the box below or inbox me
some details and I'll send them off to
as they have no use for me but I'm sure
one or two of you guys would love to
have these and let me know these guys
characters as well which are really nice
the detail is fantastic and then we go
to the moss monsters university stickers
as well really cool really nice pack
with Sully and Mike on the front
hopefully we'll get a shiny knee in here
so we have Mike and Sulley we have a
couple of the group they're really nice
my exciting behind we have them in a car
being scared really cool in the cinema
and that's a really cool one as well
look at that that's my favorite one but
they're really nice so let's take a look
at our last
back is trading cards from Toy Story 3
hide-and-seek you know I just thought
I'd show you different array of stickers
and some cool stuff really like the
tattoos are really cool so we have woody
we all love woody
let me know your favorite toy story 3
character in the box below as well we
also have buzz we have shiny woody
oh yes that's what it's all about gotta
love a bit of the Shane it's quite a
rare one to get the shiny woody you get
the Sunnyside play group box to give to
give the toys away
we have Buttercup literally even he
can't really cool and we have buzz as
well is he supposed to go like that yeah
it's on his side
so yes I'm really cool I love these Toy
Story 3 cards I can't get enough of them
some some really cool cards to collect
let me know in the box below guys what
was your favorite from this video hope
everyone's having a fantastic day thanks
for watching and I'll see you next time